In 2014, several YouTube celebrities were supervised by the UK’s advertising agencies.
Point out that they are not clearly known for sponsoring content
These people all mentioned sponsorship in the description of the film.
Also at the end of the film, "Thanks to a certain company for making this happen."
Nor is it sneaky, but these are still not enough.
The rule is that you must clearly indicate that this is an advertisement before you click on the video.
Why is this a problem in a world full of advertising?
This is the case, the British media has one of the most stringent placement marketing laws in the world.
What about the rest of the world?
They don't care much. And the reason
Like many things, the origins come from history.
In the first few years of television
The only channel in the UK is the BBC broadcast by Alexandra Palace. Its source of income is not advertising
It is the tax imposed on people who own television every year. Still so
So advertising is not allowed on the BBC.
This is the case in the past, and it is now. But in the US
They have commercial TV from the beginning -- wow!
A show host will interrupt the conversation from time to time.
Recommend a better umbrella brand for the camera
"Unless you smoke L&M cigarettes, you can only imagine how wonderful it tastes."
But in the UK, this is considered a very vulgar act.
When commercial TV appears here
Advertising magazine, weird half soap opera
Half TV shopping has existed for several years
But this is not the gameplay of the British, dear!
So in the 1960s, strict rules were set:
Ads and shows must be separated. No placement marketing is allowed.
This has led to some strange phenomena that Americans find very strange.
Like the British version of The Price is Right
Can't mention the brand name
You may win a brand new car!
But the announcer won’t say which car it is.
"A 1.3-litre hatchback"
Phone shopping and TV shopping still exist today
But they must have a clear indication
On the screen, indicate its content
Is there any suspicious black box operation behind the scenes?
Are there some producers who have recovered the buckle?
Let the protagonists of the TV series use a specific brand of computer?
This is almost certain. But you won't see, say
Those protagonists dine at a particular restaurant
Then emphasize how delicious their food is.
"This Subway sandwich is awesome!"
Have you seen the American idol, the cups with the brand logo are placed in front of the judges?
When the show is broadcast here, it has to be blurred on it.
Other placement marketing, like in a movie
Or in sports broadcasts, it is acceptable.
But the supervisory authority takes a tough attitude toward the entertainment industry in the UK.
This is the habit of people who grew up in the UK.
This is also the standard that decision makers regard as television in this country.
So you may be able to guess
Our universal advertising regulations have a lot of restrictions.
There is an Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) responsible for writing advertising rules.
These rules are strictly voluntary
But in fact it is almost the same as the law.
Because few companies want to break the rules, so as not to attract negative images.
No TV station or newspaper dares to play ads that violate the rules
And the advertising agency, that is, the person who made the advertisement
I don’t want to lick this drowning
Because if it is not, then the government will set the rules.
Instead of the advertising industry
And the government will impose penalties on those who violate the rules.
Rather than just advertising the next thing so simple
Recently, the rules have gradually relaxed.
As long as there is a small pattern at the beginning of the show as a sign
Some commercial TVs can now join placement marketing
But for advertisers who are used to the US,
Contemporary British TV is still an impact
Ads cannot affect the content of the show
And can't praise how good and good a certain product is.
Can not be placed in the marketing of high-sugar, high-calorie, high-salt foods
And there is no admission marketing in the children’s program.
ASA's office is in the building behind me.
And the rules they set are hundreds of pages, the rules for managing various advertisements.
But there are two important chapters in it, which are very relevant to what we are talking about.
Taking into account the regulations I just mentioned
You probably won’t be too surprised
First item: no matter where
Ads must clearly indicate that they are ads
Second item: Prohibition of advertising junk food to children
So you can probably understand why the supervisory authority has a video log master with a young audience.
Dissatisfied with the promotion of biscuits without warning in their general films
Fair point
The supervisory authority did not provide assistance or advice to the industry for advertising.
At the beginning, a year and a half before I recorded this film.
They were scared to be caught off guard
And the movie log owners are not expected to understand the rules.
This should be an advertising agency -- that is, the person who hires the log owner --
Work to make sure they have rules
Advertisers may be obsessed with this new, unrestricted platform.
Or are they Americans, unclear or don't care about the rules?
British television is still seen -- at least for the British -- the gold standard for television
We don't get those bad placement marketing
At least not on the TV. As for YouTube
And the rest of the online world?
The rules are still being written
Speaking so much, I just want to say around the bend.
My video is now open for sex marketing.
So if your company is interested, please feel free to contact us!
Translation: johntdlemon